With the tabs added and by the way of course, you can also style them and change the color and so on,
that is something we'll have a look at in the styling and theming section but with the tabs added, I
now want to work on the content of these pages to have some basic dummy content we can use to then navigate
to the other pages we have which are currently not reachable for us.
With that, I want to start on the discover page. There
let me go to discover, discover page here.
First of all, I'll change the title here to discover places, you can of course use any title you want
and in there I want to output a featured place and below that, a list of places. We'll get more fancy regarding
the styling and we'll also add real data later but we can start with dummy data and some basic layout
and styling already I guess. So for that,
let's first of all set up a data source we can use to manage our places and
for this next to my places page,
I'll add a new service.
We can do this manually or of course, you can always run Ionic generate service and then that would be
in the places folder and the service should also be named places.
This will now generate this new service in that place,
here it is.
I'll remove the spec testing file, we don't need that right now
and here, that places service, here I want to manage my places.
Now we'll get more sophisticated there
throughout this course, for now I'll start really simple,
I'll have a private underscore places property which is an array and I'll add a getter which I'll
name places without an underscore where I return a copy of this places, so that we can directly edit
the array from other places where we get access to that array and well it also makes sense to define
some data model we can work with, so that we have some clearly defined structure of how a place should
look like in our application. For that next to the places service,
I'll add a place.model.ts file and in there, I'll export a class which I'll just name place,
you can of course name it whatever you want and then we'll have a constructor where I heavily use that
Typescript shortcut of adding public or private in front of an argument to automatically bind that argument
to an equally named class property.
And now what should a place have?
Let's say a place has some ID which is a string, a place will also have a title which is a string and
a place will definitely also have a description which is a string, a place will have an image URL
which is a string and a place will also have a price which is a number actually.
And we can fine tune this and refine this later to add things like a location, availability and stuff
like that
but for now, this is my simple setup with which I want to go.
Now with that added in the places service, I can make clear that my places here will be of type place.
So now I will add my place model and for that, you need to add import at the top and import place from
./place_model and it should be an array of places here of course, not a single place
and now with that set up,
let's add some dummy places. Now for that we need an ID,
we can also use the constructor here of course, new place and then pass in the ID, P1 maybe, title Manhattan
mansion,
description in the heart of New York City, then an image URL which I prepared here,
you can of course simply use Google image search and find any image that fits your name and a price
and I'll use
149.99 per night let's say, that is what our price is for. Now
I'll add another place next to it, gets an ID of P2,
let's name it L'Amour Toujours,
so some French place
which is let's say a romantic place in Paris
which comes at a cost at let's say 189.99 per night and let's add a third
place, shall we
with let's say an idea of P3, the foggy palace which is actually not your average city trip, there
I also picked an image in advance, you can of course search for any foggy image you find, foggy city image
you find and that will come at let's say 99.99 per night.
Okay now I got the three places here and here auto-completion messed up my string but that's fine. So
I got my three places here in the service, I got a getter to get these places. With that prepared. let's
now get them and let's display them in the discover page.